Master, give me face
If you dare to go down again, he will be useless
Brother avenge me
scram
Talk counts.
We'll have a Christmas reception in two days
The three of us will worship you as our teacher, okay?
I thought you were messing around, chef
What's wrong with you
If you don't agree, I won't leave
I'm also playing a rascal
As the ancient saying goes, Zhaowen Dao Western style can be
From my perspective
Your cultivation must be higher than mine
So let's learn from you together
We reach a state of faithfulness
But my method can't be learned
Master, you promised me, right?
You didn't know that Beixuan accepted the three grandmasters
They're your assistants with your feet
I said yes.
Thank you master
Dad, did I hear you right?
The three great masters want to worship Chen Beixuan as their teacher
Am I not dreaming?
This girl is finished
Hey, hey, some grandmasters
You can't be mistaken, can you?
This brat has never left this village
How could he be an expert in the world?
Bah Bai has dog eyes
You still continue to use the means of going down the mountain to deal with my master
You are courting death
The request of the Jiang family is to learn from the Chen family
Not a single one is left alive
I think it starts with you